et
Bus #180
Now, this Amish guy, Jeremiah and his son Jacob were visiting
the big city for the day. Jeremiah wanted to go to the mall. He
asked the lady next to him, “Do you know which bus will take
me to the mall?”
The lady said, “Yes, you need bus number 180.”
He said, “Okay, thanks.”
Later that evening the lady notices the Amish guy still standing
at the bus stop. She says, “Excuse me, sir, did you go to the
mall?”
He said, “Oh, I'm still waiting for my bus. So far, 176 buses
passed by. Just four more buses!”
Losing Weight
Jeremiah’s son Jacob was extremely overweight. Jeremiah tried
whatever he could to help him lose weight, but nothing
worked.
Finally at the mall, Jeremiah watches metals doors sliding
open, and a heavy-set man goes into a small room. The metal
doors close behind him. He’s never seen anything like that
before. Jeremiah watches the numbers on top go 1,2,3,4,5 and
then back down 5,4,3,2,1. The door opens and a skinny man
walks out.
Jeremiah is stunned. He shouts, “Jacob come here quickly” and
they race together into the elevator!
Dropping Weight
Seeing no noticeable change in Jacob’s appearance, Jeremiah
signs him up to the exercise gym at the mall.
Jeremiah says,
you in an hour. Good luck”
“I’ll be waiting for you by this bench. I’ll see
Three minutes later Jacob comes running back, “Its not the
right place for me!” he said in tears.
“Why not?” asked Jeremiah.
Jacob replied, “I went over to start lifting the weights, and I see
a big sign on the wall that says, “Do not drop the weight.”
“And what’s wrong with that?” Jeremiah asked quizzically.
Jacob explained “The only reason I signed up for the gym in
the first place is to drop the weight!!”
Vision is Off
Jacob decided to get glasses at ten years old because too many
people told him that his vision was off.
For example, when he would go over to his mother and ask her
for money, she would always say,
“What do I look like to you?
A bank?
Do I look like I'm made out of money?
Does it look like money grows on trees?”
Jacob decided, “Okay, if I can't get money from my mother,
I'm just going to have to go to a bank. He walked into Chase
Manhattan Bank and went over to the teller and said,
“I need
money,”
The bank teller replied, “What, do I look like - your mother?”
Press It with Your Elbow
Jacob lived on the sixth floor and his grandmother was coming
to visit him. It was the first time his grandmother was coming
to his apartment building so she didn't know exactly how to
find his apartment within the building. She calls the boy on the
phone and she asks, “Could you tell me, how do I get to your
apartment?”
He said, “Okay, when you get to our building, number 1071,
you’ll press the doorbell with your elbow. We’ll buzz you in.
Step in the elevator and press number six with your elbow. We
are apartment 616, two doors from the elevator. You'll press
the doorbell with your elbow and then we'll let you in.”
She said, “That's great. But why do I need to press all the
buttons with my elbow?”
He said, “Oh, I'm sure your hands will be full of the presents
you're bringing me.”
It Hurts Because It’s Empty
During a family get together, Little Jacob was complaining to
his mother that his stomach hurt. His mother pulled him over to
the side and explained,
“It hurts because it's empty. If you fill it
up you’ll be fine.
”
Jacob had barely eaten the whole day. He sat down to eat and
was instantly cured.
A few weeks later a great Rabbi, Rabbi Kugelfish was visiting
and staying at Jacob’s house. Late one night the rabbi was
complaining that his head hurt and asked Jacob if they had
Advil. Jacob quickly replied, “It hurts because it's empty. If
you fill it up, you’ll be fine.
”
Building a House
Because of his genius insights and awesome ideas, people lined
up to ask Rabbi Kugelfish all sorts of questions.
There was a man who wanted to build a house. He asked the
rabbi how he should build it. Rabbi Kugelfish replied, “You
know what, I'm glad you asked me because there's actually a
whole gemara about it.”
They go through the gemara together. The man takes notes and
builds the house, exactly as the Gemara specified. The house
stood for one day and then collapsed. The man came running
back to the rabbi and said, “Rabbi, what happened? My house
fell down!”
And Rabbi Kugelfish replied,
question.”
“Actually Tosfos asks that
Peanuts
Rabbi Kugelfish was running behind schedule. His next call
was Mrs. Gold. As soon as he arrived at the nursing home, the
receptionist said, "Rabbi, Mrs. Gold has been waiting to see
you all day. She was afraid you had forgotten all about her."
The Rabbi apologized, and went straight to Mrs. Gold’s room.
He sat down in the chair next to her bed and after he’d said a
few words of encouragement to her, she began to talk about her
day. While he was listening, he noticed a small bowl of peanuts
next to her, so he interrupted and asked her if she would mind
if he took a few of the peanuts.
"No, of course not," she replied and continued talking at length
about her day.
A few minutes later, Rabbi Kugelfish interrupted her again and
said, "Mrs. Gold, I'm sorry but I've eaten almost all of your
peanuts."
Mrs. Gold smiled at him and said, "Don't worry about it,
Rabbi, I can't eat peanuts — I just like to nibble the chocolate
off them.”
1. Getting an Aliyah
Izzy was a Jewish but not religious. He was invited to the bar
mitzvah of his religious nephew, Feivish Klein. The invitation
said that they would like to honor Izzy by giving him an aliyah.
Now Izzy wasn't a regular shul goer. So he had to learn how to
do it.
Every day, he practiced Borechu es Hashem Hamevorach,
Boruch Hashem Hamevorach l’olam vo
’ed again and again,
every day, Borechu es Hashem Hamevorach, Boruch Hashem
Hamevorach l’olam vo
’ed and on the day of the bar mitzvah,
he got up extra early and he practiced and practiced Borechu es
Hashem Hamevorach, Boruch Hashem Hamevorach l’olam
vo
’ed until he was confident that he knew it well.
He goes to shul and the moment comes: They call Izzy up for
an aliyah. With complete confidence, he gets up to the Torah
and says, “Borechu es Hashem Hamevorach,” and everyone
behind him then said, “Boruch Hashem Hamevorach l’olam
vo
’ed.”
“Everyone quiet!” Izzy shouted.
Hashem Hamevorach l’olam vo
“I can do it myself. Boruch
’ed.”
...
2. Flucky
There’s an old Jewish man by the name of Zalman who’s
bumped by a car while crossing the street. He's seemingly
unhurt but his wife persuades him to go to the doctor just in
case. He comes home. And his wife says, “Nu, so what did the
doctor say?”
And the man said, “The doctor gezogt az ich hobn flucky. The
doctor says that I have flucky.”
“Oy gevalt! You have flucky!” his wife said. “Terrible. I don't
even know what to do for flucky.”
“Ah, I don't know,” Zalman says. “The doctor didn't say and I
forgot to ask him.
”
By this time, his wife was in a state of high anxiety. She tells
her neighbors, “My husband was hit by a car and now he has
flucky. I don't know what to do.”
So the first neighbor says, “Listen, where I come from, when
someone had flucky, we always put ice. Ice is the best thing for
a flucky.”
The second neighbor says, “What are you talking about? Cold
is the worst thing for flucky. We always put heat. Go put on
hot water, warm water. That's the only thing to do for flucky.
”
This one says cold, this one says heat, the wife didn't know
what to do. She calls the doctor himself and, and she says,
“Doctor, doctor, please tell me what's wrong with my
husband.”
And the doctor said, “I told your husband there's nothing
wrong. He got off lucky.”
...
3. Up and Down
Okay. You know, when you're young, everything is upwards,
people are upwards. Your future is up.
You tell your parents, hey, please, wait UP. Could you hold
UP? Why do I have to clean UP? Please, please let me stay UP.
But for parents, everything is down: Calm DOWN, slow
DOWN. Hey, come DOWN here, please sit DOWN. Put that
DOWN, please.
But sometimes, you know, it changes. I heard an adult asking a
child, “Hey, how about we meet UP for ice cream?” The boy
responded, “Yeah, I'm DOWN.
”
4. We Don’t Want To Be Anywhere
We always think that the next place we're going to is going to
be better.
When you're at school, you just want to get home. “Are we
getting out early today?”
When you're home:
“I've been inside all day. I’ve just got to get out.”
When you're out:
“I have to get back. It’s late. I have to get up early tomorrow.
”
You're waiting to get on the bus.
“Are they going to let us on the bus already?”
The bus finally leaves and it gets to its location:
“Are they going to let us off the bus already?”
Seems like nobody wants to be anywhere.
5. 75th Floor
Three guys go to a hotel on a business trip and they get to the
front desk to check into their room. The lady behind the
counter says, “Okay, you’re in room 7567 on the 75th floor.”
They look at each other. They say, “Wow, that's high up.”
She says,
“And the elevator’s not working.
”
Oh, no, they have to walk up 75 flights of steps. They ask, “Do
you have any other rooms?”
She says,
“Sorry, we have nothing else.”
6. They have no other choice. They have to take the rooms on the
75th floor without the elevator. They decided that to make the
trek up 75 flights a bit easier, they will take turns entertaining.
One guy will say jokes for the first 25 floors. The second guy
will sing songs from floors 26 to 50. And the third guy will tell
sad stories from floors 51 to 75.
So they start off. The first guy says jokes and it actually goes
by pretty quickly; they’re already up to floor 26. So guy #2
starts singing away. He's singing all different types of songs.
And before they know it, they're already up to the 51st floor.
So the third guy is telling sad stories, people dying, people
getting hurt, and some of it is actually quite sad.
Then they're up to the 74th floor and he says, “And now I have
the saddest story of all. We left the key at the front desk.”
In New York, Out in Jersey
I was born in Brooklyn. I had cousins who lived in New York
City. If you decide to move out of New York City, then you'll
be on Long Island. You see, you don't live in Long Island; you
can't get in it, you just stay on it.
And if you want to go to Jersey, then you'll say, “We're out in
Jersey. We couldn't make it in the city.” So we're out in Jersey
and sometimes we go down to the shore.
My mother would say, “Okay, Eli, we're going into the city
today. We're going in, we're going to get on a train and we're
going into the city.” You don't get in the train, you get on it,
even though when you see trains, there's nobody on the trains.
They're in the trains.
But in New York, we don't talk like that. We get on the train.
Why do we get on the train? So we can get off it. Okay, get off
the train. This is our stop. This is where we get off and then we
get into a cab. We got on the train but we get in the cab, we
don't get on the cab. Why do we get in the cab? So we can get
out? Okay, get out of the cab. We're here. Get out now.
We have Uber. That's a new thing. What do we do with that?
We don't get on it. We don't get off it. We don't get in it. What
do we do? We take it, we take Uber because there's no money
involved. Nobody understands how it works. People ask, hey,
how did you get here? “I don't know. We just took an Uber.”
7. Everyone Out!
It seems like we don't want kids to be anywhere. We're always
telling them to go away/get here/go there. Okay. All right. Get
off the bus. Let's go. Let's go into school. Into class. Come on
out of the hallways, Boys, let's go into the classroom. Time for
recess. Boys, everybody should be out of the room. Excuse me,
please go out of the classroom.
Recess is over. Back to the classroom. Time for lunch, Boys,
excuse me, everybody, you should be in the lunchroom. Out of
the lunchroom. Boys, class has begun. Time for dismissal.
Everybody, let's go to the buses, to the buses, onto the bus.
Everybody should be off the bus, everybody should be off the
bus. Let's go off the bus.
8. A Worrier
Robert was a chronic worrier. He would worry all the time
about everything. Now, he had a lot of people working for him
and he said, “Listen, I'm just going to hire somebody to worry
for me. Why should I worry about myself?”
So he hired somebody to worry for him one day. He goes over
to his friend Steven and he says, “Steven, guess what? I'm
paying somebody to do all my worrying.”
And Steven said, “Robert, where are you getting all this money
from to hire him?”
And Robert said, “Listen, let him worry about that.”
...
9. Dr. Geezer
An old man had been a farmer for a long time. He became very
bored and he decided to open up a medical clinic. He put a sign
outside that said,
Get your treatment for $500.
If you're not cured, you get back $1000.
There was a man named Mark who was positive that this old
man didn't know anything about medicine and he thought it
would be a great opportunity to make $1000. So this young
man goes to old Dr. Geezer’s clinic. And this is what
happened.
“Hi, Doctor Geezer. I lost all the taste in my mouth. I can't
taste anything. Can you please heal me?”
“Nurse? Please bring me medicine from box 22 and put three
drops into Mark's mouth.”
“Eww,” Mark says, “this tastes like gasoline.”
“Congratulations. Mark. You got your taste back. That will be
$500, please.
”
Mark gets annoyed. He wants his money back and comes back
after a couple of days. He says, “Doctor Geezer, I think I lost
all my memory. I can't remember anything. Can you help me?”
He’s thinking, this will be an easy way to make some money.
“Nurse. Please bring me medicine from box 22 and put three
drops in the patient's mouth.”
“Oh, no, no, no” says Mark. “That's gasoline. I don't want
that.”
“Congratulations. You got your memory back. That will be
$500, please.”
Having lost $1000, Mark leaves angrily and comes back after a
few more days.
“Hi, Doctor Geezer. My eyesight has become weak. I can
hardly see anything. Can you please heal me?”
“Well, I don't have any medicine for that. So here's your
$1000.”
“What? This is only 500!”
“Congratulations. You got your vision back. That will be
$500.”
...
10. Gemara Construction
Now, as you know, light travels faster than sound and that is
why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
...
11. Too Many Questions
The Jacobs family was on good terms with their Catholic
neighbors, the O'Reillys. In fact, little Yossel Jacobs and little
Mickey O’Reilly would play together from time to time, or at
least they used to. One late December day, Patrick O’Reilly,
little Mickey’s father, came storming into the Jacobs’ house,
holding poor Yosselby his ear.
“Your son is not going near my Mickey again!” he exploded.
“He has no respect for us and for our religion.”
“Wow. I can't believe that. I'm so sorry to hear that. What did
he do?” Mr. Jacobs asked.
“I'll tell you,” said Patrick, burning with anger. “He saw our
Xmas tree and started making fun. He really did.”
Mr. Jacobs asked,
“What did he say?”
“Well, he saw our tree and started asking all sorts of ridiculous
questions. He asked which species of trees can be used for
Xmas? And if only pine, what kind of pine? Also, what's the
minimum required height? Is there a maximum? How close to
the window does it need to be? Do too many decorations make
it unfit to be used as a tree? What if the tree is under the
neighbor's balcony?”
12. Hagbah
One Shabbos morning, the gabbai gave hagbah to Moishe
Skinner, the weakest guy in the shul. With great effort. Moishe
managed to complete the act but nearly fainted in doing so. He
made a promise to himself: He'd never be embarrassed like that
again. Moishe joined the local gym and he began six months of
heavy training, push-ups, sit-ups, chin-ups, weightlifting, the
whole thing.
Six months later, he's back in shul. And once again, the gabbai
calls him up. This time, Moishe picks up the sefer Torah like it
was made of feathers. He opens it up to ten columns wide. He
spins around, he has a big smile on his face, and he sits down
and turns to the gabbai.
“Now, what do you think of that?”
The gabbai says,
shishi.”
“That was very nice. But we called you up for
13. My Mother
The local day school had a policy that the parents must call the
school if the student was to be absent for the day. A little girl,
Lauren, decided to play hooky and go to the mall with her
friends. But first, she waited for her parents to leave for work
and then she called the school herself.
This is the conversation.
“Hi. I’m calling to let you know that Lauren Feldman is sick
and won’t be going to school today.”
“Oh, I'm sorry to hear that, the secretary said.
that she's absent. Who is this calling?”
“I'll write down
“Ah, this is my mother.”
14. Slippers
Moshe was in a terrible motorcycle accident and his legs
weren't in great shape. to say the least. After a couple of weeks
of therapy, it soon became clear to the doctor that they were
just pushing off the inevitable.
However, due to Moshe's weak condition, the doctor was afraid
to give him the bad news. Instead, he gave the sorry job to
Moshe’s wife of forty years, hoping that she would know how
to break the bad news to him ever so slowly and gently.
“Honey,” said Moshe’s wife, Miriam, the next morning, “I've
got good news and bad news. Which one would you want to
hear first?”
Moshe, who’s down in the dumps, responded,
Just give me the bad news.”
“What do I care?
“Well, dear,” said Miriam, “I hate to have to tell you this, but it
seems like your legs are going to have to be taken off.”
Moshe, barely able to keep his voice from cracking, croaked
out, “Miriam. And what's the good news?”
“Well, the good news,” said Miriam happily, “You know, Jose,
our gardener?”
“Yes,” Moshe replied.
“Well, I spoke to him yesterday and he may be interested in
buying your slippers.”
...
15. Who’s the Writer
A visitor to Israel attended a concert at the Moskovitz
Auditorium. He was very impressed with the architecture and
the acoustics. He asked the tour guide, “Is this magnificent
auditorium named after Chaim Moskovitz, the famous singer?”
The tour guide said, “No, it's actually named after Sam
Moskovitz, the writer.
”
“Interesting,” the visitor said, “I've never heard of him. What
did he write?”
“He wrote a check,” the tour guide said.
16. Half Are Crooks
The editor of a small newspaper lived next door to a shul. He
was furious over the parking situation and he had a lot of run-
ins with the members of the shul. He didn’t like Jews, either.
One time he wrote this headline in his newspaper: Half of the
Members of the Shul Are Crooks.
Many of the shul members were outraged and they put a lot of
pressure on the editor to print a retraction. He finally gave in to
the pressure and he ran his apology with the following
headline: Half of the Members of the Shul Are Not Crooks.
...
17. ¼ to 4
There were these poor guys who were going around collecting
and they knocked on the door of a very stingy person. The
stingy person welcomed them in. He said, “You know what,
I'm eating lunch now with my family. Why don't you join us
for lunch?”
They sat down, he was cutting up chicken. He gave a quarter of
a whole chicken to each person in his family and then to the
four poor people, he gave one quarter and said they should split
it between themselves. They started eating and after a few
minutes they got up, they said, “Ah, it's time for Minchah.
”
And the stingy guy said,
“Time for Minchah? Zeh rak reva
le’echad. Right now, it's only a quarter to one.”
And they said, “Yeah, for you, it's reva le’echad, it’s a quarter
per person. But for us, it's reva le’arba, it's a quarter to four.”
...
18. Left to Right
There was a guy who walks into a reform temple, not an
Orthodox place. He comes inside and he sees a massive sign. It
says, “V’salmud Torah k’neged kulam.” He's amazed; what's
that doing in a reform temple? They don't believe in that. And
why is it right there in the center? He goes over to one of the
guys who works there and asks him. The guy said, “No, no, no,
no. Over here we read from left to right. Kulam k’neged Torah
and the Talmud.”
...
19. DIE!
So this actually happened to my aunt. She was in the
supermarket and a lady is at the checkout counter. And as she
was waiting on line, her son grabs a chocolate from the side of
the counter and his mother puts it right back. Then the boy
takes it and the mother says, “Honey, no,” and she puts it back.
He takes it again, she puts it back.
He takes it again. Now if you know from the Pesach Haggadah,
dayeinu means enough, day means enough. The next time he
takes it, she screams “Honey, day!” And everybody turns
around. “Oh, my goodness. What's this lady saying?”
20. Darts
So a man tells his wife, “Listen, we're going on vacation but
this vacation, we're going to do a little bit different. I'll make a
deal. We have a big map on the side of our fridge. How about
I'll give you a dart which has a magnet on the back and you
throw it and wherever it lands, that's where we'll take
vacation.”
She says, “Even Cape Town, South Africa?”
He says, “Wherever that dart lands? That's where we're going
to take a vacation.
”
And guess what? They spent their vacation behind the fridge.
...
21. Detergent
Steven loved going to his grandparents' house because his
grandfather was a five-star chef.
He always cooked a lot of food for Stephen when he came. So
Steven came early Sunday morning and his grandfather made
him breakfast. And as Stephen is eating from the plate, his
eggs, his lox, he sees the plate is very sticky. Looks very dirty.
He asks, “Grandpa, were these plates cleaned?”
And his grandfather said, “Well, as good as detergent can clean
them.”
So Steven said, “Okay,
” finishes his meal, and mows the lawn
for his grandfather. And after some time, he comes back in for
lunch. His grandfather hands him a plate of salmon and he
clearly sees that there're some eggs left over from the morning
stuck onto the plate along with other gooey, sticky things. And
he says, “Grandpa, were these plates cleaned?”
And his grandfather says, “Well, as good as detergent can clean
them. Is it okay?”
He finished up with his grandfather. Now it was time to leave.
But as he was trying to get out of the house, his grandfather's
dog was blocking the way and he couldn't get through. He said,
“Grandpa, I can't get out of the house. The dog is blocking.”
His grandfather came over and he hollered, “Detergent, get out
of the way!”
...
22. The Three Answers
Nachum and Zevi went to interviews to work in a camp.
Nachum went into the head counselor's office first. The head
counselor liked to ask interesting questions to see how creative,
how out of the box, his counselors were.
So his first question was,
of the sun?”
“Nachum, what's the exact position
So Nachum thought and he said, “There's no exact place. Every
day it's in a different spot. It's in a different place.”
“Okay,” the head counselor said. “What's the current deficit of
the United States of America? How much money are they in
debt?”
So Nachum said, “Three trillion.”
He said, “Okay,
” and then he mentioned some famous criminal
who recently escaped from Mexico and got into the United
States. He asked, “What's the current situation with that
criminal?”
And Nachum said, “Well, the president is investigating it with
a special team that's dedicated to this.”
The head counselor said, “Okay, I like the way you answer
those questions. Please call in your friend Zevi. But please,”
the head counselor said, “don't tell Zevi the questions. I like to
ask the same questions to every staff member. Please don't tell
him the questions.”
So Nachum went into the waiting room. They called in Zevi
and on his way in, Zevi asked, “Quick. What were the
questions? What did he ask you?”
Nachum said, “I’m sorry, I can't say,” and Zevi says, “Oh,
come on, then tell me the answers.”
Nachum said, “Oh, okay, he never told me I can't say the
answers.” So he told Zevi, “You know, it's a different place
every day. Three trillion, and the president is investigating.”
So Zevi went in and handed in his application and the head
counselor looked his paper and said, “One second, this is
incomplete. You didn't fill out the answers.
” And Zevi was
thinking about the answers, the answers.
The head counselor asked, “First of all, you didn't write your
address. What's your address?”
And Zevi said,
an exact spot.”
“It's, it's in a different place every day. It's not
The head counselor was thinking, What is he saying? “Okay,”
he said,
“what's your number?”
Zevi said,
“I got this. Three trillion.”
The head counselor says, “Excuse me, are you out of your
mind?”
And Zevi said, “Well, the president is investigating it with a
team of people who are dedicated for that.”
23. Uniq Ue
Two guys who were talking. One of them just came from
China and didn't speak English very well.
And he was saying that he just ate hot soup. “I just ate hot soup
and I burned my tong-ee.
”
So his friend shows him his tongue and says, “No, it's
pronounced tongue, not tong-ee.
”
So his friend says, “Okay, tongue, I burned my tongue.” Then
he said, “You know, the people in America are very uniq-ee.”
His friend says, “Okay, let me explain this to you. When there's
a U and E at the end of the word, you don't pronounce them.
You just say unique and the U and E are silent.
So his friend said, “Okay, listen, I'm not going to arg with
you.”
24. Breaking News
Breaking news at a local school at exactly 12:15: While the
rebbi was teaching Chumash, there was a kidnapping. After
numerous rabbis and principals converged on the area, the
situation began to unfold. The kid went to a wedding the night
before and went to sleep at 3 a.m. At exactly 12:40 p.m., the
lunch bell rang and the kid, who was napping, finally woke up.
I hope he felt rested. Just next time, not during class.
...
25. The Janitor’s Vacuum
There was a certain hospital where, every Tuesday at exactly
11:25 in the morning, whichever patient was in Room 152,
they would die without any possible explanation. This went on
for some time and doctors and scientists all over the world
couldn't come up with any theory about why this was
happening. And soon the hospital got together a committee to
finally put an end to this.
So there was a group of ten scientists and doctors gathered
together in Room 152. They hooked up machines to monitor
the patient. The event was also being livestreamed around the
world. At 11:20, the doctors and scientists were at the sides of
the room; they were holding their breath. They're watching the
clock... 11:23… 11:24. And as soon as the clock strikes 11:25,
the janitor walks into the room, unplugs the life support, and
plugs in his vacuum cleaner.
...
26. Robert’s Possessions
Robert had a low self-image and was always thinking about
what others were thinking about him. He always made sure to
look good and have expensive possessions to impress others.
He wanted his house to look nice, his yard to look nice, but he
hated the view in his yard because there was a big tree right in
the middle.
One day he called a tree guy to remove the tree. When the tree
guy was done, there was a stump left over. Robert asked, “Can
you remove that stump as well?”
“Oh no, sorry,” the tree guy responded. “For that, you have to
call a stump guy.”
Robert called a stump guy who took out the stump but there
was now a large gaping hole in its place. Robert asked, “Can
you fill up that hole that you left?”
“Oh, no, sorry,” the stump guy responded. “For that, you’ve
got to call a landscaper.
”
Robert called a landscaper but had to rush out the door to catch
a flight. He told the landscaper, “Please just make it look
pretty.”
Robert returned home two days later and ran to check what the
landscaper did.
He’d placed a large tree right in the middle.
27. The Bottom Line
“When I was 20, I cared what everyone thought about me.
When I was 30, I didn’t care what others thought about me.
When I was 60, I realized no one is thinking about me!”
28. Robert’s Watch
Now one day, Robert was parking his beautiful brand-new
Porsche, an exotic car and an expensive car. As he opened up
the door, another car zipped by and knocked the door of his car
off! Robert began screaming, “My Porsche, my Porsche. My
brand-new car is now ruined!!”
A police officer who witnessed the entire scene walked over
shaking his head and said,
“I can't believe you, sir, you're so
focused on your possessions that you didn't even realize that
your left arm was taken off when the truck drove by!”
Robert looked for his left hand and began screaming, “My
watch, my watch! My brand-new watch is gone!!
29. Yoni’s Chessed
Yoni was constantly getting into trouble in school, mostly
because he was getting into fights with the other boys. One day
Yoni’s father said, “Yoni, it's time to start practicing kindness
and caring about other people.”
Yoni replied,
doing kindness.
”
“Daddy, what are you talking about? I'm always
His father said, “That’s nice to hear. Can you give me some
examples of something you did for others?”
Yoni said, “Sure. Just today on the way home from school, me
and nine friends helped an old lady cross the street.”
Yoni’s father said, “Wow, that’s impressive. But why did you
need nine friends?”
Yoni said, “Well… she didn't really want to cross.”
30. Lefties
Yoni complained to his father and said, “Daddy, it's not fair.
I'm a lefty, and so many people make negative jokes and say
bad things about lefties. I mean, what's wrong with being
lefty?”
Yoni’s father said, “What are you talking about? What do
people say that's not nice about lefties?”
Yoni said, “Well, you know, if someone can't do construction
or fix things, people will say, ‘Oh, that person has two left
hands.’
“Let's say somebody doesn't know how to dance. They'll say he
has two left feet.
“And if somebody says something that's very random, people
say, ‘Where are you coming from? Left field?’
“And when people ask their mother, what's for supper tonight?
Oh, not leftovers again.
“And where's all the people at the party? They left!!
...
31. Vladimir’s Electronics
Vladimir moved from Russia to the United States and was
looking for some type of job. He knew electronics very well
and decided to open up an electronics store. He barely spoke or
read English, but he really knew the products. He had a way of
getting pretty cheap products.
Vladimir just needed a sign for his store. So his friend helped
him out. He got a sign for him that said, “Grand Opening.
Cheap Electronics.”
And the next day, he had a few customers, a few customers,
nothing crazy. But then one day, as he's walking to work, he
sees an electronic store a few blocks away from his store and
the lines are out the door.
So he says, “You know, it must be they have a better sign than
me.” He takes a picture of the sign. He doesn't really know
what it says and he sends it to a sign-making company. They
deliver this sign, they put it on top of the store. And sure
enough, he has plenty of customers, these lines going out the
door around the corner. His friend comes to the store and he
sees it's packed and he looks at the store sign and he's
wondering, “Why does it say on top of your store ‘Clearance
Sale. Store Closing Down’?”
His friend helps him take down the sign and puts back the old
sign, and he helps him with marketing and advertising. And
sure enough, he builds a customer base and just as things were
getting good, a huge electronic store, I mean, like three floors,
opens up on the right side of Vladimir's little store. And
Vladimir is wondering, how am I going to get customers? This
guy is going to take away all my customers. He probably has
better prices than me.
And before he's even able to think about his plan of action,
another huge electronic store opens on the left side of
Vladimir's little store and Vladimir is convinced. That's it. I'm
going to go out of business. But his friend said, “No, no, no,
you know something? Go to your rabbi ask your rabbi if he has
advice for you.”
So Vladimir goes to his rabbi, he tells him the problem. The
rabbi thinks for a minute and he says, “You know, go back to
your store and switch signs. Your store is in the middle of these
two massive electronic stores. So you're going to put this sign
on top of your store: It’s going to say ‘Cheap Electronics Main
Entrance.
’”
32. Cats #1
Brenda and Steven are going out to a restaurant. And the last
thing before they did before they left the house was put the cat
outside. They didn't want the cat inside the house alone.
The Uber driver pulls up in front of the house. Steven and
Brenda are about to close the door to the house when the cat
scoots right back inside. So Brenda gets into the Uber and
Steven goes inside the house to chase out the cat. Now, Brenda
didn't want anyone to know that the house would be empty. So
she just tells the Uber driver, “Oh, my husband is just going
upstairs to say goodbye to my mother.”
Several minutes later, Steven is exhausted. He gets into the
back seat of the car and he says, “Sorry, I took so long. That
annoying thing was hiding under the bed and I had to poke her
with a coat hanger several times before I could get her to come
out.”
33. Leniencies
The rabbi of a large shul would always look for a leniency, a
way to say it’s okay, when anyone would ask him a question.
He would find one opinion that said it's okay. Or, it’s kosher.
Or, you're allowed to do that on Shabbos.
Now, he would answer questions for many years. After 120
years, he passed away and he came up to heaven. They're
looking through all his deeds and they said, “Get him.”
And he says,
“You’ve got to be kidding me. I'm answering
questions for so many years. For so many people. Surely, I
should go straight to Olam Haba, to Gan Eden. And they were
thinking, and they said, “You know something? According to
one opinion, this is really Gan Eden.”
...
34. Warranties
A wealthy man bought a beautiful mansion in Beverly Hills,
California. And he brought in a local workman, a contractor, to
decorate his mansion. Now, when the job was finished, the
homeowner was very happy, but he realized he forgot to put
mezuzos on the doors. So he went out to buy 50 mezuzos.
That's right. 50 mezuzos. And he asked this local contractor to
put them on the right side of each door, except for the
bathrooms.
He was very worried that this contractor would chip the paint
or that he wouldn’t put the mezuzos up correctly. But he gave
them to him.
The wealthy man came back a few hours later and he saw that
the job was carried out perfectly. The contractor put them on
every door besides the bathroom. The mezuzos were on the
perfect slant. He was very pleased and he gave the contractor a
bonus as the contractor was walking out the door.
The contractor said, “I'm happy that you're happy with the job.
And by the way, I took out all the warranties and I put them in
the garbage.”
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no!
35. Shema Yisroel
Gavriel asks his friend Janko, who's a farmer, if he could
borrow a horse.
And Janko says, “Sure. But let me tell you that this horse has
grown up with us and is accustomed to our words. In order to
make the horse start trotting, don't hit it. Just say ‘Baruch
Hashem’ and you'll see, it'll just start moving. And to stop the
horse, don't use the straps. Just say ‘Shema’ and it's going to
stop.”
And he couldn't believe it! Gavriel says,
and he starts practicing with the horse.
“I’ve got to see this,”
“Baruch Hashem, horse starts moving? Shema, she’ll stop.”
Eventually he gets the hang of it and he's ready to start taking
the horse around, and the horse is galloping and he's going
around the beautiful mountains.
The horse is going pretty quick and there's a cliff coming up
close. So he wants to start slowing down the horse. He thinks,
Oh, how do you stop the horse again?
He says, “Ashrei yoshvei veisecha.” It’s not stopping. He says,
“Ma tovu ohalecha Yaakov.” but it’s still not stopping. He
thinks, Oh my goodness, we’re only ten feet from the cliff.
This is it. The end is near. I'm going to fall off the cliff!
Then he remembers. “Shema Yisrael” and the horse comes to
a complete stop right before the edge of the cliff.
And then Gavriel says, “Wow, baruch Hashem.”
36. Carlos
Carlos was in America for just a few weeks and he desperately
needed a job. He was waiting on a certain street where people
who needed workers would pick them up. So one day,
somebody comes with his car and he says, “Hey, I'm looking
for a painter,” and Carlos, he’s painted in the past and he says,
“Yeah, I can do the job.”
So he comes to the guy's house and the guy gives him a few
cans of paint and Carlos begins painting. The guy leaves his
house, he comes back an hour later, and he sees Carlos is
wearing his coat but not only his coat, he's wearing another
coat that he found in the house and he got paint on the coat.
The guy asks, “Sir, what are you doing? Why are you wearing
the coat and why are you wearing two coats?”
So Carlos points to the can of paint and he shows him where it
says, “For best results use two coats.
”
37. Mud
Carlos finishes the job and then he goes to get a cup of coffee.
He goes to a small little deli, orders his cup of coffee, and sits
down.
The waiter gives him a cup of coffee and Carlos tastes it and he
says, “Sir, this, this tastes like mud, this coffee.”
And the waiter points to the can, where it says,
“Fresh ground.
”
38. Brose
Carlos goes to see his friend Max and Max sees that Carlos's
nose is all swollen, it's all red. He asks him, “Carlos, what
happened?”
Carlos says,
“I was sniffing a brose.”
Max says, “You mean a rose?”
“No, a brose,
” Carlos says.
Max says, “There's no B in rose.”
So Carlos said, “Well, there was a bee in that rose.”
47.
Carlos is on his way home and he sees a Mexican bookstore.
“Huh,” he thinks. “I was never in a Mexican bookstore before.”
So he goes inside and he asked the lady behind the counter,
“Do you have the book with Trump's policies on Mexico? His
foreign policies?”
And the lady behind the counter tells him, “Get out of here and
stay out!”
So Carlos says, “Yeah, yeah, I think that was the title.”
...
48. Give Me a Push
It was three o'clock in the morning and all of a sudden
somebody starts banging on this guy’s front door. He jumps
out of bed, he answers the front door, and there's some guy, a
little drunk, and he says, “Please, I need help. I need someone
to push me.”
He says, “Are you kidding? It's three o'clock in the morning.”
He goes back to bed and his wife asks, “Who was that?”
He says, “Some drunk guy needed somebody to push him.”
And his wife says, “Did you help him?”
He says, “No, it's three o'clock in the morning and it's pouring
outside.”
And his wife says, “Shame on you, don't you remember when
our car broke down? It was like two-thirty in the morning and a
guy comes outside and he helps you push the car. Go help
him.”
The guy feels a little bad. He gets dressed, he goes outside, it's
pitch black. He looks for the guy who needs help with the push.
Can't find him. He calls out, “Sir, where, where are you?” He
hears a voice from the back of his house. He goes to the back
of his house. He says, “Where are you?”
And the guy says, “I'm right here on the swings. Can you give
me a push?”
...
49. Truckdriver
This trucker was working for a company and they told him,
“Listen, you’ve got to follow all the rules of the highway very
carefully. Our trucks, our tractor trailers are very high. Okay?
So you’ve got to follow all the signs on the roads. We're twelve
feet high. Make sure that you know that when you're going
under the overpasses.”
He says, “Okay, I’ve got it.”
He's going down the highway on his first tractor trailer trip.
He's flying, 65 miles per hour, going the speed limit, and all of
a sudden, he looks up. Low bridge ahead. Oh, no, he wasn't
focused. He slams on the brakes and goes BOOM, right into
the bridge.
He thinks,
“I can't believe it.” The bridge was like right on top
of the truck. He tries going forward, he tries going backward
and nothing’s moving. He remembers once hearing that
somebody took air from the tires so he tries taking out air from
his tires. It's not working.
And before he knows it, there are already several cop cars
around the truck and the cops are asking, “Sir, what's going on
over here?”
He's thinking quickly. He tells them,
bridge over here and I just ran out of gas.”
“I'm trying to deliver this
50. Cats #2
The first-grade teacher gave the kids an assignment. One of the
kids raises his hand and he asks, “How do you spell ‘toad’?”
The teacher said, “T-O-A-D.”
The boy says thank you. And then he hands in his paper and it
says, “I toad my mother to take me to the store to buy me a
toy.”
Now one day, the teacher couldn't make it. So these first
graders had a substitute.
The school was near a lake. And the substitute was shocked
when one of the kids said that boys are throwing cats into the
lake.
A few minutes later, a boy came into the classroom and the
substitute asked, “Why are you late?”
And he said, “Listen, I can't lie. I was throwing cats into the
lake.
”
The teacher said, “That's terrible. Stay after class. I need to
speak to you.”
A few minutes later, another boy came into the room and the
teacher said, “Why are you late?” He said he was throwing cats
into the lake. The substitute was exploding. She said, “You're
going to stay after class as well.”
A few minutes later, another boy came into the classroom and
the teacher said, “And I suppose you were also throwing cats
into the lake.”
And the boy said, “No, actually I am Katz.”
51. See You Monday
In order to encourage the children to think, the teacher
announced, “From now on, every Friday, right before we go
home, I will ask one question. Whoever knows the correct
answer will be excused from school on Monday.”
The children cheered and they couldn't wait for Friday. And
then on Friday, two minutes before school ended, the teacher
stood up and announced, “Okay, now for the question Whoever
answers correctly can take Monday off.” The children were
listening so closely.
“Who can tell me, within one million, how
many grains of sand are there on West 25th Street on Coney
Island?”
So one boy raises his hand. He says a trillion. Another one says
a billion. The teacher says, “I'm sorry,” and she chuckles. “No
one got the right answer. See you on Monday.”
Next week, Friday, all the children are waiting for the question
two minutes before the end of class. She says, “Okay, who can
tell me how many stars are there in heaven?” They all try to
guess but nobody comes up with the answer.
Now the third week, the children once again are waiting with
anticipation. But right before the teacher was about to ask a
question, one little boy, Benny, throws a paper airplane and it
lands on the teacher's desk and she stands up and she says,
“Who threw that?”
And little Benny says, “I did. I'll see you on Tuesday.”
...
52. Telephone Pole
The teacher was then telling the class about the story of Lot’s
wife, who turned into a pillar of salt after the angels told her
not to look back at the destruction of Sodom and she did look
back. All the children were listening and one boy raises his
hand. He says, “I know a story that's even worse than that.”
The teacher says “Okay, go ahead, tell us.”
So he says, “My father was giving my mother driving lessons
and he kept warning her not to look back, but she didn't listen.
And she turned into a telephone pole.”
...
53. Family Pictures
The teacher was going around the classroom and asking all the
kids how they took family portraits. Did they do it on happy
occasions? Did they pay for them?
So one boy, from a very poor family, raised his hand. His last
name was Schmekilsberg. He said, “Well, when my family
wants to take a family photo, we all get dressed up and we all
stuff ourselves in the front seat of our car. We stick our heads
out the window and we go through a red light.”
54. Make the Beds
The Schmekilsberg family went to the Catskill Mountains for
vacation. They were looking for a cheap place and the clerk
behind the counter said, “We have some rooms for $95 and
some rooms for $35.”
They asked, “Okay, what's the difference between the two
rooms?”
The clerk said, “Well, the room for $95, we make your beds.
But for $35, you’ve got to make them yourselves.
”
So they said, “Okay, we can do that. We do that at home. We'll
take the $35 room.”
So the clerk said, “Okay, you'll find the wood in the basement
and hammer and nails in the closet.”
55. What Am I
Then they needed supper. So they went to a restaurant near the
hotel. And Mr. Schmekilsberg went over to the restaurant
owner and he said, “Listen, I'll pay twice the amount for the
food we order if you can tell me what I am. And if you can’t
guess, we eat free.”
So the owner said, “Okay, how many guesses do I have?”
And Mr. Schmekilsberg said, “Unlimited.”
The owner said, “Okay, that's a deal.”
So Mr. Schmekilsberg wrote down what he was on a piece of
paper and put it in a sealed envelope, and the owner then began
to guess. “Are you a baker? A butcher? An accountant? A
lawyer? A plumber? A contractor?” He guessed about 100
guesses. And he finally gave up. And he said, “Okay, I give up,
what are you?”
Mr. Schmekilsberg handed him the envelope. He opened it up
and it said inside, “I am hungry.”
56. Sold
Now Mr. Schmekilsberg had one son who was very successful
in business and he liked to buy his father gifts. So one time, he
bought a beautiful coat made out of camel hair for over $500.
But he knew that his father wasn’t going to accept such a fancy
gift.
So he had the store owner remove the $500 price tag. And he
said, “Put a price tag on it for $19.98.” And he sent the coat to
his father.
A few days later, he called his father and he said, “Dad, did
you get the coat I sent you?”
His father says, “Yes, that was beautiful. Can you send me
another one? I sold that one to my neighbor for $25.”
Oh, no, no.
...
57. Two Brothers
There were two brothers in this small town who, over the
course of many years, they cheated, robbed, and generally stole
from everyone they ever did business with. The entire town
and surrounding communities hated these two brothers and
were disgusted by their dishonesty.
One day, one of the brothers mysteriously died. Although he
never attended shul, the remaining brother went to the local
rabbi and he said, “Listen, I'll give you a lot of money if you
come to the funeral. And not only that, I'll give you a large
bonus if you call my brother a tzaddik, a righteous man.”
The rabbi wasn't really interested in coming. But the truth was
that the synagogue needed a lot of repairs and he needed a lot
of money. So he said, okay, he’d come.
The funeral began, the shul was packed, and the rabbi started
with the usual prayers. Then he goes up to the mic and he turns
to the surviving brother and he says, “As you all know, the man
who died was an awful individual who robbed, cheated, and
stole from everyone he ever did business with. However,
compared to his brother, he was a tzaddik.”
58. Mohammad
Two guys survived a plane crash in the middle of the desert.
Their names were John and James. They were in the middle of
the desert and all they could do was search for other people.
They were starving. They had no food, they had no water. And
as time went by, they felt, “We’re going to die!” They needed
food badly.
Suddenly, they noticed a building in the distance. They were
excited. They ran towards it and they slowed down as they
approached it. They realized that it was a mosque, a place
where the Arabs pray.
So they turned to each other and John said, “Listen, if we lie
and say we're Muslim, they're going to let us in.”
But James said, “Listen, I don't want to be dishonest. You can
do what you want, but I'm going to say the truth.”
So they got closer to the mosque and one of the Arabs walked
out. He smiled at them and he said, “You guys must be very
tired. Tell me, what are your names?”
So James said,
name is Mohammad.”
“My name is James,” and John said, “Oh, my
The Arab guy went back into the mosque and he came out with
a lot of food and water for James. To John, he said, “Oh, it's
Ramadan today. That's when the Arabs fast. So obviously
you're fasting.”
59. Old Man – Young Man
A woman walks up to a little old man rocking in a chair on his
front porch. She says, “I couldn't help notice how happy you
look. What's your secret for a long and happy life?”
And the old man is rocking back and forth. He says, “Well, I
smoke three packs of cigarettes a day. I also drink a case of
whiskey a week. I eat fatty foods and I never exercise.”
The woman says, “Wow, that's amazing. How old are you?”
“26,” he says.
60. The Landlord
A big, burly man pays a visit to his rabbi's home and he says,
“Rabbi, I would just like to bring your attention to something
terrible. There's a poor family. The father doesn't have a job.
The mother can't work because she's raising nine children.
They are hungry and they're going to be forced onto the street
by the landlord if they don't pay the rent.”
The rabbi was very touched. “How terrible,” he said. And he
asked the big, burly man, “May I ask, who are you?”
And he said, “Oh, I'm the landlord.”
61. Undivided Attention
This businessman needs millions of dollars. So he goes to shul
to pray because he lost on a big business deal. He needs a few
million. And it just happened to be that he was davening right
next to another man who was asking G-d for $100.
The businessman takes $100 out of his wallet. He puts it into
the man's hands and this man was overjoyed. He gets up and
leaves the shul.
Then the businessman closes his eyes and he says, “Hashem,
now I have your undivided attention. Please help me.”
62. Seaside Heights
There's a group of fifteen boys and they decide to go out for
dinner. They discuss where they're going to eat and they agree
to go to a fast-food restaurant called Seaside Restaurant
because they only have $15 between them all and that would
cover the price of the meal.
Now, ten years later, the same fifteen boys meet up. They are
now 25 years old and they discuss where they’re going to go
for dinner. So finally, they agree to meet at Seaside Restaurant.
Why? Because it had free snacks and it didn't cost any extra
money to get in there. And there was good music.
Ten years later, now, they're 35. The same group of boys, same
group of men. They discussed where they should go for dinner.
And finally, they all agreed: Seaside Restaurant. Why?
Because it was near the gym. There weren't little kids in that
restaurant. It was just a perfect option.
Another ten years later, the same boys meet up and now they're
45 years old and they're discussing where they should meet for
dinner. So finally, they all agree to go to Seaside Restaurant
because there's a great salad bar over there. There's good wine
over there.
Ten years later, the same group of friends, now, 55 years old,
they're discussing where they could go for dinner. And they
decided once again, Seaside Restaurant. Why? Because the
prices were good. The fish was good for their cholesterol.
Ten years later, they're now 65 years old and they're discussing
where to go for dinner. And once again, they decided, Seaside
Restaurant. Why? Because the lighting was good and they gave
a senior citizen discount.
Ten years later, now, 75 years old, they get together and they're
deciding where to go for dinner. And they decided once again,
Seaside Restaurant. Why? Because the food wasn't too spicy
and it was wheelchair-accessible.
Now, ten years later, they're 85 years old and they get together
and they're discussing, where should we go for dinner? And
they all agreed: Seaside Restaurant because we never went
there before.
.
63. 21, 21, 21
So this guy Mohammed was a delivery guy for a store in Meah
Shearim and he just got fired. He's very depressed, he’s
walking down the street, and all of a sudden, he sees this
Yerushalmi with a big smile. This guy is jumping up and down
and he's screaming, “Esrim v’echad! Esrim v’echad! 21! 21!”
And the Arab guy is looking at him and he asks, “What makes
you so happy?”
The Yerushalmi guy says, “You really want to know?”
The Arab says yeah.
So the Yerushalmi guy points to a manhole cover and says,
“Okay, stand right over here. You have to jump up high and
scream,
‘21!’”
The Arab guy jumps up high and he screams,
“21! 21!” And he
says, “I don't know, I'm not feeling any joy.”
The Yerushalmi says, “K’fotz gavohah yoter! You’ve got to
jump higher.”
The Arab guy jumps as high as he can, shouting “21! 21!” and
again he says, “I don't know, I'm not feeling it.”
The Yerushalmi guy says, “Jump higher.
”
So the Arab guy jumps with all his might and as he jumps up,
the Yerushalmi guy pulls off the manhole cover and the Arab
guy falls down inside.
The Yerushalmi guy takes the manhole cover, puts it back, and
now, with a bigger smile, he jumps up and down, shouting,
“22! 22!”
64. Supplies
Two Chinese guys walk into a factory looking for some work.
The manager hires them both. One of them he appoints as a
janitor and the other guy he puts in charge of supplies. He tells
them, “Tomorrow morning, nine o'clock, you guys both come
here and you'll start your job.”
It's the next morning, nine o'clock, and they both come on time.
Now, ten o'clock, the manager is walking around checking up
on both of them. He sees the first guy, he's cleaning the floors,
cleaning the bathrooms. He's doing a great job.
But the supplies guy, he can't find anywhere. He checks the
supplies room, he looks over the whole building, and the guy is
nowhere to be found. He sends the other people to look for him
and all of a sudden, while there's a team of people looking for
him, the second Chinese guy jumps out of a garbage can and
says, “Supplies!”
65. The Best Watch
This guy’s walking with his friend, Yanky, and Yanky has a
shofar on him. The guy asks, “What’s up? It’s not Rosh
Hashanah. Why are you carrying a shofar on you?”
Yanky answers, “Oh, this is how I tell time, with my shofar.”
“How do you tell time with your shofar?”
They’re walking, it’s pretty late at night and they're walking in
the old city of Yerushalayim. Yanky says, “Okay, watch this.”
He takes out his shofar and he starts blowing it with all his
might and all of a sudden somebody sticks their head out the
window and yells, “Hey, what are you doing? It's 1:35 in the
morning?”
And Yanky tells his friend, “It's 1:35 a.m.”
66. Thirsty
Three old ladies are sitting on a bench. One of them says, “It’s
very windy today.”
And the next one says, “No, it's not Wednesday, it's Thursday.”
And the third one says, “Yes, I'm also very thirsty.”
67. All Same Ting
There’s a Chinese guy and a Jewish guy sitting on a bench. All
of a sudden, the Jewish guy punches the Chinese guy in the
face. The Chinese guy said, “Hey, dat for?”
The Jewish guy says, “That's for bombing Pearl Harbor.”
And the Chinese guy says, “What? It wasn’t the Chinese. It
was the Japanese.”
The Jewish guy say, “Chinese, Japanese, it's all the same
thing.”
Two minutes go by and out of the blue, the Chinese guy slaps
the Jewish guy in the face. The Jewish guy says, “Hey, what's
that for?”
“That’s for sinking the Titanic.”
And the Jewish guy says, “You’ve got to be kidding me. That
wasn't the Jews, that was an iceberg.”
And the Chinese guy looks at him and says, “Iceberg,
Goldberg, Greenberg,
ALL SAME TING!”
68. Talented Rabbi
This guy is bragging to his friend about his rabbi. “My rabbi is
so smart, he can speak for an hour on any topic.”
And his friend says, “Oh, that's nothing. My rabbi could speak
for two hours on absolutely no topic.”
69. Sharks
This king makes a deal. He says, “Whoever can swim across
this lake and wins the race will get to marry my daughter.” He
sets the date for three weeks’ time so everybody could practice.
And sure enough, on the day of the race, the lake shore fills up
with people and they're all ready to jump in. And the king
makes an announcement before everybody jumps in.
“All right, we're ready for the race. Whoever wins this race
gets to marry my daughter and gets to live in the palace. Just
one thing. There's a shark in the lake.
“3, 2, 1, GO!”
And nobody goes, nobody jumps in.
All of a sudden — SPLASH — somebody jumps in and
everybody's thinking, Oh my goodness, who has the guts to
jump in with the shark? And they see the guy swimming across
the lake and they wonder, who could that possibly be? Which
strong man is that?
Eventually he gets to the other side and they can't believe it. It's
a 90-year-old man and the king is surprised. But he says,
“Listen, you did the deal.” And he asks, “Is there anything
you'd like to say to the audience?”
And the man turns around and he says, “Yeah. Who pushed me
in?”
70. Tour Guide
A tour guide is giving a tour of a very ancient place in Israel.
And he tells the group, “These bones over here are 5000 years
and three weeks old.”
The people are amazed. “Wow, he knows exactly to the week!”
And somebody asks, “How do you know exactly to three
weeks?”
“Oh, it's very simple. When I started working here, they told
me it was 5000 years old. And I started working three weeks
ago.”
71. Not Mine
A guy’s walking down the street and he sees a large dog. He
gets all scared. Then he sees a guy walking near the dog and he
says, “Excuse me, sir, does your dog bite?”
“Nah, my dog, my dog is so friendly,” he says. “My dog would
never bite a person, never harmed anybody.”
So the guy continues walking and the German shepherd jumps
at him and bites his hands. “Hey,” he said to the other guy, “I
thought your dog doesn't bite.”
The other guy says, “Oh, my dog doesn’t bite. This isn’t my
dog.”
72. Library
A guy walks into a library and he asks, “Can I get a Coke, a
burger, and fries?”
The librarian says, “Excuse me, sir, this is a library.”
“Oh, I’m sorry,” he whispers. “Can I get a Coke, a burger, and
fries?”
73. Big Mistake
A man was once arguing with his wife. “I know I’m right
because I’m never wrong. I was only wrong once in my life.
What happened was that I thought I made a mistake about
something, but I was wrong.” Then he said, “Okay, I feel bad
that this conversation is just about me. Let's talk about you.
What do you have to say… about, uh… me?”
74. Backwards
America is a wonderful place. But the truth is, if we look at the
things that we see in our everyday lives, many things are
backwards. I just want to point out a few of them.
• Why do Americans call it football when they rarely use their
feet to play?
• We have AA batteries, we have C batteries, we have D
batteries. What happened to the B batteries?
• Why do we park in a driveway and drive on a parkway?
• Why do people keep all of their junk in a garage and they keep
their expensive cars right outside the garage on the street?
• If 7-Eleven is really open 24 hours, 365 days a year, then why
are there locks on their doors?
• And banks? That's an interesting one. Banks have no problem
keeping their doors open. They even keep the vaults open. But
then they chain the pens down to the counter. I mean, what are
they scared of?
• And you know, our noses run but our feet smell. It should be
the opposite.
• Why do people put suits in a garment bag and they put
garments in a suitcase?
• And here's an interesting one. Why does an alarm clock go off
when it begins ringing?
• A person who uses a bike is called a cyclist, but a person who
uses a motorcycle is called a biker.
• And why do they call it a building? If they already finished
building it, they should call it a Built the Other Day.
75. Donation
This guy comes to my house. He's collecting money and I like
to help everybody. He’s collecting for the community pool. I
said, “Sure, no problem.” And I gave him a cup of water.
76. Great Baller
This kid Billy loves baseball. He throws a baseball up in the air
and he's says,
“I'm the best baseball player there is.” He swings
the bat and he misses, then he straightens out his cap. And once
again, he throws the ball up and says, “I'm the best baseball
player,” he swings the bat, and he misses.
And once again, he says,
“I'm the best baseball player there is,”
he throws up the ball, swings the bat, and misses.
And he says, “Look at what a great pitcher I am.”
77. Change
I have a friend. This guy is so afraid of change that when he
goes to the store, he brings exact cash so he doesn't get any
change.
Yeshivish
78. The Gettysburg Address
The Gettysburg Address is a speech delivered in 1863 by U.S.
President Abraham Lincoln at the dedication of the National
Cemetery at Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, the site of one of the
most decisive battles of the American Civil War.
Four score and seven years ago our fathers brought forth, on
this continent, a new nation, conceived in Liberty, and
dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal.
Now we are engaged in a great civil war, testing whether that
nation, or any nation so conceived and so dedicated, can long
endure. We are met on a great battle-field of that war. We
have come to dedicate a portion of that field, as a final resting
place for those who here gave their lives that that nation might
live. It is altogether fitting and proper that we should do this.
But, in a larger sense, we can not dedicate -- we can not
consecrate -- we can not hallow -- this ground. The brave
men, living and dead, who struggled here, have consecrated it,
far above our poor power to add or detract. The world will
little note, nor long remember what we say here, but it can
never forget what they did here. It is for us the living, rather,
to be dedicated here to the unfinished work which they who
fought here have thus far so nobly advanced. It is rather for us
to be here dedicated to the great task remaining before us --
that from these honored dead we take increased devotion to
that cause for which they gave the last full measure of
devotion -- that we here highly resolve that these dead shall
not have died in vain -- that this nation, under God, shall have
a new birth of freedom -- and that government of the people,
by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the earth.
Abraham Lincoln
November 19, 1863
YESHIVISH TRANSLATION
Be'erech a yoivel and a half ago, the meyasdim shtelled avek
on this makom a naiya malchus with the kavana that no one
should have bailus over their chaver, and on this yesoid that
everyone has the zelba zchusim.
We're holding by a geferliche machloikes being machria if this
medina, or an andere medina made in the same oifen and with
the same machshovos, can have a kiyum. We are all mitztaref
on the daled amos where a chalois of that machloikes happened
in order to be mechabed the soldiers who dinged zich with each
other. We are here to be koiveia chotsh a chelek of that karka
as a kever for the bekavodike soldiers who were moiser nefesh
and were niftar to give a chiyus to our nation. Yashrus is
mechayev us to do this...
Lemaise, hagam the velt won't be goires or machshiv what we
speak out here, it's zicher not shayach for them to forget what
they tued uf here. We are mechuyav to be meshabed ourselves
to the melocha in which these soldiers made a haschala--that
vibalt they were moiser nefesh for this eisek, we must be
mamash torud in it--that we are all mekabel on ourselves to be
moisif on their peula so that their maisim should not be a
bracha levatulla-- that Hashem should give the gantze oilam a
naiya bren for cheirus-- that a nation that shtams by the oilam,
by the oilam, by the oilam, will blaib fest ahd oilam. (Weiser,
Chaim M., Frumspeak: The First Dictionary of Yeshivish,
Jason Aronson, Northvale, NJ, 1995.)
79. Shtark
This guy was a very good guy, a very good yeshiva bachur.
There was just one issue. He would wake up at 12 o'clock
every afternoon. He would go to shiur and then he would daven
Shacharis after the shiur. So when it came time for shidduchim,
they didn't know what they could say about this boy who
wakes up at 12 o'clock. So they asked the Rosh Yeshiva. He
thinks for a minute and he says, “You can tell them that this
boy learns a solid hour and a half before Shacharis.”
80. Efsher Fakert
Menachem invites his good friend Yankel over to his house.
Yankel and Menachem are in shul Friday night and the Rav
gets up to speak between Kabbolas Shabbos and Maariv. Now,
Yankel wasn't the best learner, but he liked to show that he's a
good learner and he knew maybe one term he’d picked up in
the bais medrash: efsher fakert, which means maybe, maybe
the opposite.
So the Rav is in the middle of talking and Yankel raises his
hand. Usually no one raises his hand and the Rav says, “Yuh?”
And Yankel says,
fakert.”
“I hear everything you're saying but efsher
The Rav thinks a minute. He says, “Wow, that's a good
question.” And he answers it up.
Two minutes go by and Yankel raises his hand. He says, “I
hear exactly what you're saying.
I hear the pshat but efsher fakert.”
The Rav thinks, “Wow, this guy is good.” But he manages to
answer it up.
Now for the third time, Yankel raises his hand and he says, “I
get what you're saying, but efsher fakert,” and the rabbi closes
his sefer.
“Wow,” he says, “you got me. I don't have an answer.” After
davening, he goes over to Yankel's friend, Menachem. He says,
“Your friend is a big talmid chacham. He knows a lot.”
Menachem looks at the Rav and he says, “Efsher fakert.”
Cars
81. Women don’t know so much about cars…
Miriam arrives home quite late one night and says to her
worried Moishe, “Sorry I’m late. I had to come home by train
because I couldn’t get the car to start.”
“Why not?” asks Moishe
“I think there’s water in the carburetor,” replies Miriam.
“How on earth can you know that?” asks Moishe. “You don’t
even know how to open the hood or to change the time on the
car’s clock let alone know where the carburetor is.”
“Maybe so,” says Miriam, “but I still think there’s water in it.”
Moishe then says, “Okay, I’ll go along with you. Maybe
you’ve been taking some classes at the auto body shop without
me knowing. Let’s check it out. Where did you leave the car?”
Miriam replies, “In the lake!”
82. Sign on the Highway
Honk if you love Hashem. Text while driving if you want to
meet Him.
83. Seatbelt
Thomas has a car with tinted windows. He was pulled over for
not wearing his seatbelt.
So he asked the officer, “How do you know I'm not wearing
my seatbelt if my windows are tinted?”
The officer said, “Sir, your seatbelt is hanging outside the
door.”
84. Wife’s Name
The rabbi approaches a guest in shul and says, "I'd like to give
you an aliyah. What is your name?"
The man answers, "Esther bas Moshe."
The Rabbi says, "No, I need YOUR name."
“It's Esther bas Moshe," the man says.
"How can that be your name?" asks the Rabbi.
The man answers, "I've been having financial problems, so
everything now is in my wife's name!”
85. The Pope
About a 100 years ago, the Pope decided that all the Jews had
to leave Rome. Naturally, there was a big uproar from the
Jewish community. So, the Pope made a deal. He would have a
religious debate with a member of the Jewish community. If
the Jew won, the Jews could stay. If the Pope won, the Jews
would leave.
Having no choice, the Jews picked a middle-aged man named
Moishe to represent them. Moishe asked for one condition to
the debate: To make it more interesting, neither side would be
allowed to talk. The pope agreed.
The day of the great debate came. Moishe and the pope sat
opposite each other for a full minute before the pope raised his
hand and showed three fingers. Moishe looked back at him and
raised one finger. The pope waved his fingers in a circle around
his head. Moishe pointed to the ground where he sat. The pope
pulled out a wafer and a glass of wine. Moishe pulled out an
apple. The Pope stood up and said, "I give up. This man is too
good. The Jews can stay."
An hour later, the cardinals were all around the pope asking
him what happened. The pope said: "First I held up three
fingers to represent the Trinity (the Christians belief that there
are three gods). He responded by holding up one finger to
remind me that there was still one G-d common to both our
religions. Then I waved my finger around my head to show
him that G-d was all around us. He responded by pointing to
the ground and showing that G-d was also right here with us. I
pulled out the wine and the wafer to show that G-d forgives us
from our sins. He pulled out an apple to remind me of the
original sin. He had an answer for everything. What could I
do?"
Meanwhile, the Jewish community had crowded around
Moishe. "What happened?" they asked.
"Well," said Moishe, "First he said to me that the Jews had
three days to get out of here. I held up one finger to show him
that not even one of us was will be leaving. Then he told me
that this whole city would be cleared of Jews. I pointed to the
ground and let him know that we were staying right here."
"And then?" asked a woman.
"I don't know," said Moishe. "He took out his lunch so I took
out mine."
86. Good News Bad News
Daniel Finklestein, the president of Congregation Beth Israel,
got up to address the congregation one Shabbos morning.
“On behalf of the shul Board of Directors I come to share some
good news and bad news. The good news is we have enough
money to pay for our new building campaign."
Everyone cheered.
Mr. Finklestein continued, "The bad news is, the money is still
in your pockets."
87. Someone Else
Obituary: Our shul was saddened to learn this week of the
death of one of our most valued members, Someone Else.
88. Hypocrites
I never go to shul," boasted an old-timed member. "Perhaps
you have noticed that, Rabbi?"
"Yes, I have noticed that," said the rabbi.
"Well, the reason I don't go is because there are so many
hypocrites there."
"Oh, don't let that keep you away," replied the rabbi with a
smile. "There's always room for one more."
89. 13, 13
One day, Moshe is walking past the wooden fence at the side
of the local Mental Care Home for Jewish People when he
hears the residents inside chanting, "Thirteen! Thirteen!
Thirteen!"
Moshe is quite a curious kind of man and wonders, "Is there a
bar mitzvah going on inside?"
So he searches for a suitable hole in the fence and then he
looks in. Immediately, someone inside the fence pokes him in
the eye with their finger.
Then the chanting begins again. "Fourteen! Fourteen!
Fourteen!"
90. You’re Next
Yossel was 30 years old and single and he very much did not
like going to family weddings. All his relatives would stare at
him and to make matters even worse, his uncles and aunts
would come up to him, poke him in the ribs while giggling, and
say to him, "You're next, Yossel. You're next!"
Yossel finally figured out a way to make them stop.
At the next family funeral, Yossel went over to his uncles and
aunts poked them in the ribs while giggling, and said to them,
"You're next. You're next!"
91. Bear Meeting
A man is out in the woods when he comes across a bear.
Frightened for his life, he runs as fast as he can to escape the
bear and hides in a cave. He is horrified to find that the bear
has run after him into the cave, and now the man is trapped. He
closes his eyes and begins to recite "Shema Yisrael" in
anticipation of his final moments.
When he is finished, he opens his eyes and is surprised to see
the bear in front of him with his eyes closed, also praying. The
man thinks to himself "How lucky am I to be cornered by what
must be the only Jewish bear! We're mishpachah — I'm
saved!"
He then listens more carefully to the bear's prayer: "...Hamotzi
lechem min ha’aretz."
92. Prayers
Three preachers sat discussing the best positions for prayer
while a telephone repairman worked nearby. "Kneeling is
definitely best," claimed one.
"No," another contended. "I get the best results standing with
my hands outstretched to Heaven."
"You're both wrong," the third insisted. "The most effective
prayer position is lying prostrate, face down on the floor."
The repairman could contain himself no longer. "Hey, fellas, "
he interrupted, "honestly the best prayin' I ever did was when I
was hangin' upside down from a telephone pole."
93. Trouble
Little Moishe was having a tough time adjusting to first grade.
At least twice a week, his parents would receive a note from
his teacher outlining his latest infractions.
Finally, his parents sat him down and said, "Moishie, we've
had enough! We don't want any more notes from your
teacher!"
Moishe replied, "All right. Do you guys want to tell her or
should I?"
94. A Bug
A boy asks his father, “Dad, are bugs good to eat?”
“That’s disgusting — we don’t talk about things like that over
dinner,” the dad replies.
After dinner, the father asks, “Now, son, what did you want to
ask me?”
“Oh, nothing,” the boy says. “There was a bug in your soup,
but now it’s gone.”
95. Riddle
A simple Jew from the famous city of Chelm visits Warsaw.
He meets the shamash of the shul and the shamash asks him a
riddle:
Who is my father's son, but he's not my brother?
The simple Jew thinks and thinks, finally gives up and asks,
“Who is it?”
The answer is simple: "Me."
"That is great!" he thought.
When he returned to Chelm, he gathered his friends and family
and challenged them with the riddle: Who is my father's son,
but isn't my brother?
They gave up.
"It is the shamash of Warsaw!" he said excitedly grinning at his
brilliance.
96. A Love for…
Rachel decides to do some shopping and manages to persuade
her husband Moishe to join her. After two hours of looking
around one women's clothes store after another, Rachel
suddenly realizes that Moishe is no longer with her. So she
calls him on his cell phone to see what’s going on.
"So where are you?" she angrily asks Moishe. "I thought we
were shopping together."
"Don't get broygez, darling," replies Moishe. "Do you
remember the jewelry shop by the escalator in the middle of
the mall, the one we spent time in last year and where we saw a
lovely gold necklace for you but which was just a little bit too
expensive for us to buy and I said I would get it for you one
day?"
"Yes, of course I do, darling," replies Rachel excitedly. "Why
do you ask?"
"So I'm in the cafe next door to that jewelry store eating an ice
cream."
97. Great Camera
As a professional photographer, Judy Salzberg took a lot of
pride in her pictures. Wherever she went, she brought her
pictures with her to show off her work.
She and her husband Harold were invited to the Epsteins for a
Shabbos meal and Judy brought her pictures along.
“Wow,” said Mrs. Epstein, “these are really nice pictures. You
must have a great camera.”
Fuming mad at the implication that her whole talent came from
her camera. Judy waited until the end of the meal and then
thanked her host, “Thank you, the Shabbos meal was
delicious.” Then as if an afterthought, she added, “You must
have a great oven.”
98. Give Up Your Seat
An old lady gets on a crowded bus and stands in front of a
young girl who’s sitting. Holding her hand to her chest, she
says to the girl, "If you knew what I have, you would give me
your seat." The girl gets up and gives up her seat to the old
lady. It is hot.
The girl then takes out a fan and starts fanning herself. The
woman looks up and says, "If you knew what I have, you
would give me that fan." The girl gives her the fan, too.
Fifteen minutes later the woman gets up and says to the bus
driver, "Stop, I want to get off here." The bus driver tells her he
has to drop her at the next corner, not in the middle of the
block. With her hand across her chest, she tells the driver, "If
you knew what I have, you would let me off the bus right
here."
The bus driver pulls over and opens the door to let her out. As
she's walking off the bus, he asks, "Madam, what is it you
have?"
The old woman looks at him and nonchalantly replies,
"Chutzpah."
99. Charity?
Leah gives 25 cents to her daughter Sarah. The little girl goes
outside and returns ten minutes later without the coin.
Wondering what she’s done with the money, Leah asks,
"Where is the quarter I gave you, my darling?"
"I gave it to an old lady," says Sarah.
"Oh, I'm so proud of you, Sarah. “That's a very important
mitzvah you did. Tomorrow I am going to give you a dollar."
Sure enough, the next day, Leah gives Sarah a whole dollar and
she returns a little while later without the bill. "What did you
do with the dollar today, Sarah?"
"Today I saw the same old lady," begins Sarah as her mother
beams at her, "and I gave her a whole dollar for an even bigger
ice cream. I love performing the mitzvah of eating ice cream."
100. Reform
An Orthodox rav met three members of a Reform congregation
on the golf course and invited them to come to his shul on
Shabbos. One hour after morning prayers begin, they showed
up. All the seats were filled. Several men were already seated
on folding chairs. The Rav whispered to the nearest man,
"Yaakov, please get three chairs for my Reform friends in the
back."
Yaakov was hard of hearing so he leaned closer and said, "I
beg your pardon, Rav?"
The rav repeated his request, "Get three chairs for my Reform
friends in the back." repeated the rav.
Yaakov was still puzzled but the service was just finishing so
he went to the front of the shul and loudly announced, "The
Rav says, 'Give three cheers for my Reform friends in the
back!'"
101. Hit The Floor -- A True Story: Friday, April 13, 2001
On a recent weekend in Atlantic City, a woman won a
bucketful of quarters at a slot machine. She took a break from
the slots for dinner with her husband in the hotel dining room.
But first, she wanted to stash the quarters in her room. “I'll be
right back and we'll go eat,” she told her husband and she
carried the coin-laden bucket to the elevator.
As she was about to walk into the elevator she noticed two men
already aboard. Both were black. One of them was big... very
big... an intimidating figure. The woman froze. Her first
thought was: These two are going to rob me. Her next thought
was: Don't be a bigot, they look like perfectly nice gentlemen.
But racial stereotypes are powerful, and fear immobilized her.
She stood and stared at the two men. She felt anxious,
flustered, and ashamed. She hoped they didn't read her mind,
but knew they surely did; her hesitation about joining them on
the elevator was all too obvious. Her face was flushed. She
couldn't just stand there, so with a mighty effort of will she
picked up one foot and stepped forward and followed with the
other foot and was on the elevator.
Avoiding eye contact, she turned around stiffly and faced the
elevator doors as they closed. A second passed, and then
another second, and then another. Her fear increased. The
elevator didn't move. Panic consumed her.
'My G-d,
” she thought, “I'm trapped and about to be robbed.”
Her heart plummeted. Perspiration poured from every pore.
Then... one of the men said, "Hit the floor." Instinct told her:
Do what they tell you. The bucket of quarters flew upwards as
she threw out her arms and collapsed on the elevator carpet. A
shower of coins rained down on her. Take my money and spare
me, she prayed.
More seconds passed. She heard one of the men say politely,
“Ma'am, if you'll just tell us what floor you're going to, we'll
push the button.”
The one who said it had a little trouble getting the words out.
He was trying mightily to hold in a belly laugh. She lifted her
head and looked up at the two men. They reached down to help
her up. Confused, she struggled to her feet. “When I told my
man here to hit the floor,” said the average-sized one, ‘I meant
that he should hit the elevator button for our floor. I didn't
mean for you to hit the floor, ma'am.” He spoke genially. He
bit his lip. It was obvious he was having a hard time not
laughing.
She thought: “My G-d, what a spectacle I've made of myself.”
She was too humiliated to speak. She wanted to blurt out an
apology, but words failed her. How do you apologize to two
perfectly respectable gentlemen for behaving as though they
were going to rob you? She didn't know what to say.
The three of them gathered up the strewn quarters and refilled
her bucket. When the elevator arrived at her floor, they insisted
on walking her to her room. She seemed a little unsteady on
her feet, and they were afraid she might not make it down the
corridor. At her door, they bid her a good evening. As she
slipped into her room, she could hear them roaring with
laughter while they walked back to the elevator. The woman
brushed herself off. She pulled herself together and went
downstairs for dinner with her husband.
The next morning flowers were delivered to her room, a dozen
roses. Attached to EACH rose was a crisp one-hundred-dollar
bill. The card said: “Thanks for the best laugh we've had in
years.”
It was signed,
Eddie Murphy & Michael Jordan
102. Cleaning for Pesach
It was a few days before Pesach. I had 12 bottles of whiskey in
my basement that my wife instructed me to empty. She said,
"Empty each and every bottle down the sink," so I proceeded
with the task.
I withdrew the cork from the first bottle and poured the
contents down the sink, with the exception of one glass which I
drank. I extracted the cork from the second bottle and did
likewise, with the exception of one glass which I drank. I then
withdrew the cork from the third bottle and poured the contents
down the sink, with the exception of one glass which I drank. I
pulled the cork from the fourth sink, poured the bottle down the
glass, which I drank. I pulled the bottle from the cork of the
next, and drank one sink out of it and threw the rest down the
glass. I pulled the sink out of the glass and poured the cork
from the bottle. Then I corked the sink with the glass, bottled
the drink, and drank the pour. When I had everything emptied,
I steadied the house with one hand, counted the bottles, corks,
glasses, and sinks with the other, which were 29, and put the
houses in one bottle, which I drank.
I'm not under the affluence of incohol, but thinkel peep I am.
I'm not half so thunk as you might drink. I fool so feelish I
don't know who is me, and the drunker I stand here the longer I
get.
103. Hinting Messages
Dear Dad,
$chool i$ really great. I am making lot$ of friend$ and
$tudying very hard. With all my $tuff, I $imply can't think of
anything I need, $o if you would like, you can ju$t $end me a
card, a$ I would love to hear from you.
Love, your $on $hlomo
The reply:
Dear Shlomo,
I kNOw that astroNOmy, ecoNOmics, and oceaNOgraphy are
eNOugh to keep even an hoNOr student busy. Do NOt forget
that the pursuit of kNOwledge is a NOble task, and you can
never study eNOugh.
Love, your father, NOach
104. Pet Centipede
David goes to his local pet shop and tells the owner that he
wants to buy something unusual. After some discussion, he
decides to buy a rare talking centipede which comes in a little
white box for use as the centipede's house.
David takes the box with his new friend inside back home and
finds a good place for it.
Next day, he decides he'd like to take his new pet to shul with
him.
So he goes over to the box and asks the centipede, "Would you
like to go to shul with me today?”
But there is no answer from his new pet in the box. This
bothers David a bit, so he waits a few minutes and then asks
again, "Nu, how about going to shul with me?"
But there is still no answer. So David waits a few more
minutes, thinking about the situation and then decides to invite
the centipede one last time.
This time, David puts his face right up against the centipede's
box and shouts, "Hey in there! Would you like to go
to shul with me and daven?"
This time, a little voice is heard from inside the box. "I heard
you the first time, David! Relax! I'm just putting on my shoes!"
Tallis Manufacturer
Tom O'Brien kept nudging Eli Cohen, his Jewish neighbor, to
let him play golf at his Jewish country club. Cohen told him
that only Jews could play there.
He drove Cohen crazy for months and Cohen finally gave in
but warned him that if anyone asked, he should make believe
he’s Jewish and say his name was Yosef Goldberg. If anyone
asked what he did for a living, he was a manufacturer. O'Brien
asked what kind of a manufacturer he should be and Cohen
told him to say that he made talleisim.
Sure enough, after playing 18 holes, he's approached by one of
the country club members. “I have never seen you here before.
What’s your name?” He asked.
O'Brien replied, "My name is Goldberg."
"What do you do for a living, Mr. Goldberg?"
"I'm a manufacturer."
"What do you manufacture?"
"I make tallises."
"You know” the Jewish guy said,
“I always wanted to know
what the Hebrew letters on the neck of the tallis meant. Can
you tell me?"
O'Brien said, "Uh… to tell you the truth, I only make the
sleeves.
"
105. New School
True story: Rav Yosef Shlomo Kahaneman, zt”l, the
Ponovezher Rav and founder of the world-renowned Ponovezh
Yeshiva of Bnei Brak, traveled all over the world to raise funds
to establish Jewish schools.
On arriving in one city, he heard about a phenomenally
wealthy local Jew. The rav told a friend that he intended to
solicit him. "It's a waste of time," his friend told him. "The man
is violently anti-Orthodox. The moment he sees your long
beard and coat, he won't give you a penny."
Sure enough, when the Ponovezher Rav met with the man, the
man proved to be as hostile to Orthodoxy as his friend had
predicted. "But surely," the rav entreated, "you want to help
Jewish youngsters get a good education?"
"I'll tell you what," the man said. "Since education matters so
much to you, let me make you an offer. I will give you all the
money you need to build a Jewish elementary school, on one
condition. The students are forbidden to wear a head covering
at any time, even when they study Torah or make a blessing
before eating."
"And if I accept this condition," Rav Kahaneman said, "you
will personally donate all the money that's needed?" T
The man laughed. "That sort of Jewish school, I'll be happy to
build."
Rav Kahaneman extended a hand. "Agreed."
A year later, the man was invited to come to the school's
opening. On top of the beautiful building, a large sign
proclaimed, "The New B'nei Brak School for Girls."
Can You Read This?
Olny srmat poelpe can raed tihs.
I cdnuolt blveiee taht I cluod aulaclty uesdnatnrd waht I was
rdanieg. The phaonmneal pweor of the hmuan mnid!
Aoccdrnig to a rscheearch at Cmabrigde Uinervtisy, it deosn't
mttaer in waht oredr the ltteers in a wrod are, the olny
iprmoatnt tihng is taht the frist and lsat ltteer be in the rgh it
pclae. The rset can be a taotl mses and you can sitll raed it
wouthit a porbelm. Tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not
raed ervey lteter by istlef, but the wrod as a wlohe. Amzanig
huh? yaeh, and I awlyas tghuhot slpeling was ipmorantt! if you
can raed tihs psas it on!
105.
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people
appear bright until you hear them speak.
106.Doctor & Lawyer
A doctor and a lawyer are talking at a party. But the conversation is
constantly being interrupted by people coming over to the doctor and asking
for medical advice. “My knees are hurting.” “My stomach is hurting.”
“What can I do to feel better?”
And after an hour of this, the doctor just doesn't know what to do. He asked
the lawyer, “What do you do to stop people from asking you for legal
advice when you're out of the office? I mean, it's not right what people do.
How do you stop them?’
The lawyer answers, “I give them the advice and then I send them a bill and
I make them pay for it.”
And the doctor is thinking, is that nice? Can I really do that? And he
decides, you know what, I'm going to try it. So the next time somebody
comes over to him, he gives him advice and then he goes to his mailbox to
leave a letter for the mailman to pick up. And in his mailbox, there’s a letter
and it's a bill from the lawyer.
106. Stop or Slow Down
One day this smart lawyer runs a stop sign and gets pulled over by a police
officer. So now this lawyer, who's a Harvard graduate, thinks, I'm smarter
than this police officer. I got this.
So the police officer comes over to his window and he says, “Sir, license
and registration.”
The lawyer says, “What for?”
The policeman says, “You didn't come to a complete stop at the stop sign.”
The lawyer says, “Listen, I slowed down and I saw nobody was coming.”
And the officer says, “Sir, you did not come to a complete stop. License and
registration, please.”
The lawyer says, “If you can show me the legal difference between slow
down and stop, I'll give you my license and registration and you can give
me a ticket. But if not, then please let me go without a ticket.”
The officer says, “Okay, that sounds fair. Please exit your vehicle.”
The lawyer steps out, the police officer takes out his stick, and he starts
banging the lawyer's Mercedes Benz. The officer turns to the lawyer. He
says, “Do you want me to slow down or you want me to stop?”
108. It’s Cold But Warm
Johnny was very smart. He analyzed everything. He made distinctions. So
one day he comes into school and he's wearing one glove, just one glove,
and the teacher comes over to him and says, “Johnny, why only one glove
today?”
And Johnny says, “I was listening to the weather and the weatherman said,
‘On one hand, it's going to be sunny today, but on the other hand, it's going
to be quite cold.’”
109. Lazy
There was this seminar that featured random raffles in the middle of the
presentation. And people were excited to see what they’d come up with. So
all of a sudden, the emcee gets up and says, “Okay, we're now going to give
$100 to the laziest person in this room. Now, please raise your hand if you
think you're the laziest person.”
So everyone in the room raises their hands besides one person in the back,
The emcee says, “Congratulations, you in the back. You win this prize.”
And the man’s just sitting there, he's not doing anything. He doesn't even
change the expression on his face. And the emcee repeats, “Sir, you just
won $100.”
The man says, “Oh, could you just come over here and put that money in
my pocket?”
Minchah Minyan
Two Jews, Pinny and Chaim, were on the back of a plane. Pinny was
anxious. He said, “How am I going to find a minyan for Minchah?” It had
been years since he had missed a minyan and here he was on the plane.
There could be other Jews on the flight, but how was he going to find them?
It would take so much time and the sun was almost setting.
Chaim said, “Listen, if you put the thought out that you really want to
daven, you don't want to miss it, Hashem will make it happen. You'll find a
minyan.”
And at that moment, a stewardess was passing by, and she said,
” Excuse
me, sir, did you lose something?”
And Chaim said, “Yeah, my friend over here, he's actually missing his son.
His son went walking to the front of the plane.”
The stewardess was very concerned. She said, “Okay, fine, we'll help you
find him. What's his name?”
And Chaim said, “His name is Minchah and his last name is Minyan.”
The stewardess rushed to the front of the plane, and said, “Attention. Minka
Minion, please go to the back of the plane. Minka Minion, to the back of the
plane. Your father is eagerly waiting.”
Men around the plane began standing up, getting their hats and jackets and
heading to the back of the plane.
A few minutes later, this stewardess came back and she said, “Did you find
him yet?”
Chaim said, “We do have a couple of men over here searching for him, but
you know, what? If we could have two more people searching for him, I
think we'll find him very quickly.”
So she announced, “Attention all passengers. We need two more for Minka
Minion, please. Attention all passengers two more for Minka Minion,
please”
And just like that, Pinny got his minyan on the plane.
About a half hour later, this stewardess passed by, and she said, “I'm just
making sure everything is okay over here.”
And Chaim said, “The truth is I can’t find my wife Maariv...”
Shark Bite
Tommy had a high pitched, squeaky voice, and he was fed up with it, so he
went to his doctor, Dr. Schedman, and he said, “Doctor, I have this voice.
I'm not even sure how, but I want like a real manly voice. Is it possible you
can change my voice around?”
And Dr Schedman said, “Sure, we can do everything over here. The only
thing is, in order to do this, I'll have to remove your legs.”
And Tommy said, “You know what? It's more important to me than
anything else, so just do it. I'll be in a wheelchair. I don't even care.”
Sure enough, the doctor put him into surgery, removed Tommy's legs, and
Tommy said, “Thank you, doctor. Oh, this is great. My friends will love
this. Thank you so much. Just help me with my wheelchair over here.
Thank you1
”
.
And it wasn't more than a week later when Tommy's friend Steven calls him
up and says, “Tommy, I would love to go kayaking with you today in the
ocean. That's right in the ocean. We'll jump off in the middle. We'll go
swimming.”
Tommy loved boating, kayaking, swimming more than anything else. He
said, “There's only one issue, I don't have legs.” He explained it to his
friend.
His friend said, “Come on, Tommy, you can't leave me hanging. You gotta
come with me.”
So Tommy called Dr. Schedman, and he said, “Listen, Doctor, I really need
my legs, because I really need to go kayaking and swimming.”
And the doctor said, “You know what? Sure, I can give you your legs. The
only thing is it's going to bring back your squeaky voice, but I could always
remove it and give you back your regular deep voice when you’re done with
your trip.
”
And Tommy said, “You know what? Doctor it's very important for me to go
with my friend Steven. So let's just do it. I'll come into your office and just
put back my legs. Let's just do it.” So Tommy comes back to the doctor,
1 Bold = Deep voice
goes back in for surgery, and gets his legs back. And he says, in his old
squeaky voice, “Thank you, doctor, for always being there for me.”
He goes with his friend Steven. They're kayaking, and in the middle,
Tommy says, Okay, I'm gonna jump in the water. He jumps in the water,
and he starts swimming. And all of a sudden, Tommy starts screaming to
Steven, and he says, oh no, oh no, I see a shark.
Thank you so much. Shaya K for this joke.
GYM
My friend was complaining for a while that he's overweight and it's hard for
him to walk up the steps. He gets out of breath quickly. I convinced him to
sign up for the gym, and he finally signed up, but he calls me yesterday, all
irritated and annoyed. I asked, “What's the matter, Mark?”
He said, “Listen, they sent me the welcome package for the gym, and it
says, ‘Please wear loose fitted clothing and sneakers.’”
I said “So what's the matter?”
Mark said, “Listen, if I had loose fitted clothing, I would have never signed
up in the first place.”
So Mark finally goes to the gym.
I called him after he went to the gym. I asked, “How was it?”
He said, “It was miserable.” He said that right away, when he went into the
gym, he went over to the weights, and he sees a big sign on the wall that
says, “Do not drop the weight.”
Mark explained,
“The only reason I signed up for the gym is to drop the
weight.”
Don’t Get Stuck
What’s the difference between a guitar, a tuna fish, and Krazy Glue? You
can tune a guitar, but you can't tune a fish.
“So what about the glue?”
Oh, I knew you would get stuck on that.
I Need to Speak
There was an Israeli at a very elegant fundraising dinner held in the house
of a philanthropist in New York City. The Israeli suddenly goes over to the
host and says, “I need to speak.”
So the host didn't want to make a whole scene. He figured, this is very
important. He asked for quiet and gave the Israeli man the microphone. The
Israeli man looked a bit embarrassed and said something inspirational. Ten
minutes later, the Israeli man goes back to the host and says, “I need to
speak.” The host didn't know what was going on, but once again, didn't
want to create a whole scene. It looked like it was very important, whatever
the Israeli man had to say. And once again, he asked for quiet and gave the
Israeli man the microphone. The Israeli was blushing a bit, and once again,
managed to say something inspirational. He wasn’t a great speaker at all,
and he wasn’t even asking for anything. So it was very strange that the
Israeli man kept asking to speak. The Israeli man went over to the host a
third time and said, I need to speak. And once again, the host reached for
the microphone, but the Israeli man said, “No, da chicken in my teeths. I
need tooths peak.”
Didn’t Do It
A kid asked the teacher, “Would I get into trouble for something I didn’t
do?”
The teacher said, “Absolutely not.”
The kid said,
“Well, I didn’t do my homework last night…
”
A boss shows one of his employees his new sports car. The employee says,
“Whoa, this is awesome.”
The boss responds, “Well, if you work even harder, next year I can get an
even nicer one!”
Broken in Two Places
Eight-year-old Timmy is in the emergency room for a possible broken arm.
After a few hours, the doctor comes out of the X-ray room and says,
“Ma’am, your son broke his arm in two places.”
The lady starts screaming at her son, “Timmy, you are never going back to
those two places again!”
Wi Fi Password
It's amazing how people are always on their phones. They're walking,
eating, driving, even on the plane. I mean, they can't go a few minutes
without Wi Fi. I was at a funeral the other day, and the person next to me
screams to the rabbi officiating the ceremony, “Rabbi, what's the password
for the Wi Fi over here?”
The rabbi was fuming. The cemetery, of all places. He screams back to the
guy, “Have respect for the dead!”
And the man said, “Thank you, Rabbi. Is that all in lower-case letters?”
The Mohel
There was an irreligious family living in a remote place where there were
no other Jews around. They had a baby boy and they really wanted to do a
circumcision. They didn't know much about it, and the only one who knew
a little bit was a priest from the local church. So they asked the priest if he
could perform the circumcision on their son. It was the best they could
come up with. The priest said okay and he did the circumcision. They made
a party, and for many years after that, the parents, when they put their son to
sleep, would sing with the boy, “Hagalach hamohel osi, Hagalach hamohel
osi.” (Submitted by Gavril Nager)
Defense, Defeat, and Detail
There was a teacher who was teaching his class vocabulary. He said, “Boys,
I want you to come up with a sentence with the following three words:
defense, defeat, and detail.”
There was a student from Germany.. He raised his hand and he says, “I got
it.”
The teacher says, “Go ahead.”
He says, “There vas a horse who jumped over de fense. First vent de feat.
Aftervards vent de tail.” (Submitted by Dovi Turk)
NOMIS
There was a boy called Simon who was in second grade, and the teacher
asked “Simon, Simon, can you please spell your name backwards?”
And the boy said, “No, miss.”
The teachers face turned red and she said, “EXCUSE ME??!”
Simon repeated, “No, miss.”
(Submitted by Svi Galinsky, nine years old, from London)
Now what do you call a teacher in college who eats a lot?
A pro fresser.
(Mordechai Goldstein from Hillel Academy of Pittsburgh)
8d95e1
Rings a Bell
The city had a bell. Somebody would ring it on the hour so everybody
would know the time. They were looking to hire somebody to ring the bell.
One of the people who came for an interview was missing his arms, and
when it was his turn, the guy who was interviewing him asked, “How do
you expect to ring the bell without arms?”
He said, “Watch this.” He ran right into the bell head first, and rang the bell.
The guy said, “Wow! But do you expect to do that every time?”
He said, “Watch this.” Again, he ran right into the bell head first and rang
the bell.
Now the bell was on the roof of a tower, and it wasn't such a big space, so
he would have to be very careful. But he was able to do it fifteen times in a
row, and the guy said, “You're hired.”
So every day, this guy would go to the top of the tower, run head first into
the bell, and boom, ring the bell on the hour. Now one time, one time, he
ran to ring the bell head first, but he was slightly off, and he went flying
right off the building and fell down to the ground, making a loud thud.
Everybody walking by asked, “Who is this person?” Nobody knew who he
was.
And one guy looked and said, “I don't know his name, but his face rings a
bell.”
(This joke was submitted by two kids, Eli Stein from Baltimore and Yehuda
Kalis)
Chasdei Hashem
My mother called me the other day and she said, “Where are you? Where
are you right now?”
I said, “What's the matter? I'm driving my car.”
She said, “Oh, okay. A small plane just went down near the Lakewood
airport. I want to make sure you're okay.”
I said, “Whoa, a small plane.” Sometimes I fly airplanes. That's why my
mother called, to make sure it wasn't me.
I said, “Let me check into this.” It was the same plane that I always flew
that went down. How did it go down? I checked the news, and I saw that a
frum website, the Lakewood Scoop, reported that a small plane has crashed
at Lakewood Airport. “The Lakewood Scoop has learned the aircraft
crashed shortly before 4 p.m., apparently on its way down. Three people
were on board, including a child. One adult suffered non-life-threatening
injuries. Chasdei Hashem.”
Then I saw a non-Jewish website that reported the news. They got their
information from the Lakewood Scoop, and they wrote over there, “Police
received a call about a small plane crash at the Lakewood Township
Municipal Airport on Thursday, shortly before 4 p.m. Local news outlets
reported that multiple people were injured, and the Lakewood Scoop
identified one victim as Hasdei Hashem.”
And it seems that Mr. Hasdei Hashem comes from a kind and wealthy
family since, as our news reporters asked the locals who witnessed the crash
about their feelings, all of them said, “Hashem will help.” Hey, maybe
Hashim has a little bit extra for me too.
Cookies
There was once a substitute rebbi who loved eating. He was once subbing a
class and brought a big bag of cookies, but he was embarrassed to eat in
front of the boys. He was waiting for the right opportunity to come along.
Sure enough, there was a blackout in the middle of class. He quickly took
the bag of cookies, put it on his desk, started eating, and made sure the boys
were doing their work while he was eating.
Nobody noticed, but then the lights went back on, and a kid noticed an
empty bag of cookies on the table. He asked, “Rebbi, what happened to all
those cookies?”
The rebbi answered, “Oh, a malach must have come in and eaten it up
during the blackout.”
The kid turned to the rebbi and said, “I think the malach left some cookie
crumbs on Rebbi’s beard.”
Kicking Garbage Cans
An older man named Brian finally bought his dream house. It was on the
same block as a large high school, and little did he know, every single day,
the boys would come down the block and kick all the garbage cans, making
a racket. It would drive Brian crazy. He didn't know what to do. He spoke to
the principal about it, but nothing changed. And one day, he had an idea. He
went over to the boys, and he asked, “Boys, would you like to make some
extra money?”
And they said, sure. He said, “I'll pay you guys each $1 a day to kick all the
garbage cans on this block.”
And they said, “Okay, that's easy money.” So every day they would kick the
garbage cans.
Two weeks later, Brian said, “You know, business has been down a little
bit. I can no longer afford $1 but I can pay you 50 cents each to kick the
garbage cans.” They weren't so happy but hey, it's 50 cents. They did it.
Another week went by and he said, “Listen, business is still going down a
little bit. I'm not doing great. I can't pay you 50 cents. I could pay you a
quarter to kick the garbage cans on the block.” They were really not happy,
but they said okay.
A week later, a month after this whole thing began, he said, “Listen, guys,
business is really not going well, and I can no longer afford to pay you guys
to kick the garbage cans. I'm sorry about that.” The boys were let down and
said, “We’re sorry but we can no longer continue kicking your garbage
cans.”
Customer’s Always Right
A store manager watches from a distance as one of his salespeople argues
with a customer. After a few minutes, the customer storms out of the store.
“I saw what just happened,” the manager said, “and I guess you've forgotten
our motto: The customer is always right.”
“I know,” the salesperson said
“But no,” but said the manager, “the customer is always right.”
“Fine,” said the salesperson.
“Well, what were you two arguing about?’ the manager asked.
The salesperson answered, “The customer said that you’re a fool.”
Plaque from the Mayor
Now I'm very proud of myself. Just yesterday, I was honored by the mayor
of New York. I received a trophy.
Well, it wasn't exactly a trophy. It was more like a plaque.
Okay, it wasn't a plaque, it was more like a certificate to hang up on the
fridge.
Okay, it wasn't a certificate. It was a parking ticket, but it was signed by the
mayor of New York, and there's a court date for just me and the judge.
Electric Bill
You know, sometimes I have trouble with my electricity at home, and I
have to call the electric company, and I'm pretty tired of the company
setting up an appointment and asking, “Will somebody be home between
the hours of 10 a.m. and 6 p.m.?” as if I had nothing to do but wait around
for them for eight hours. Well, how about the next time they call me and
they say, “Hey, Mr. Scheller, your bill is overdue. When will you pay it?” I
tell them,
“Sure. Will somebody be in the office between like April and
December?”
Regents
There was a group of boys taking their Regents exam, the big test at the end
of the year. The teacher wasn't there. Instead, there was a proctor,
somebody who monitors the students, and he said, “Boys, you have exactly
three hours to take this exam. If you hand it in one minute late, it will not be
marked. Test begins right now.” And as time passed, he would keep
announcing how much time was left. “Boys, two hours left to this exam…
Boys, one hour left… 30 minutes… 10 minutes left to the exam.” And
slowly, boys were handing it in, leaving the room.
Five minutes left to the exam, and there were three boys still in the room.
Two minutes left to the exam. Three boys were still in the room. 30
seconds. “And I repeat, after time is up, your test will not be marked.” Two
boys handed theirs in, and one boy was still taking the test, and the teacher
got down to “5… 4… 3… 2… 1…” And he told this last boy, “Sorry, sir,
you can hold on to your test. It will not be marked.”
The boy finished it up after another few minutes, went up to the proctor
and said,
“I would like to hand it in.”
And the proctor said,
“I'm sorry, you heard me a number of times, not a
chance.”
And the boy said,
And the proctor said,
“Do you know who I am?”
“I don't care who you are and it doesn’t make a
difference”
The boy said, “Are you sure you don't know? You don't know my name?”
The proctor said, “I don't care. I don't know your first name, I don't know
your last name, I don't know anything about you, but whoever you are,
you're not handing it in. I don't care.”
The boy said, “Great!” and quickly slipped the paper into the pile of papers
and ran out of the room.
Honk if you believe in G-d.
Text while driving if you would like to meet him.
Do you believe in life after death? Mess with my car and you’ll
find out.
No trespassing violators will be shot. Survivors missed will be
shot again.
I once walked into a coffee shop in California when an old man
with suspenders, smoking a cigar and reading a newspaper
motioned for me to come over. He said, “20 years ago we had
singers like Jonny Cash, comedians like Bob Hope and
visionaries like Steve Jobs.
And today, we ain’t have no jobs, no cash and certainly no
hope!
Looking for $
Steven’s business has been suffering to the point when his wife asked him
for money for food shopping he said I simply don’t have. His wife said
surely you could find somewhere in the house but he just didn’t have.
Late that night steven heard someone downstairs opening and closing
drawers. He was being robbed!! Steven barged downstairs, “Hey what are
you doing” he barked at the robber. The robber said I’m looking for you
money. Steven said you now what, Ill help you look.
o The main thing is to keep the main thing the main thing.
o What did the olive say when it got stepped on?
O’live!
How about the grape?
It say anything, it just let out a little whine.
Can you speak for 5 minutes for TV
My roommate just finished writing a book on how to earn money and now
he needs money to publish it.
THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN MOSHIACH AND MASHGIACH IS,
MOSHIACH MAKES YOU WAIT AND MASHGIACH MAKES YOU
OVER WEIGHT
I cant even imagine the self control required to work at a bubble wrap
factory.
Receipt for $74.99
The only thing that comes in a hurry… is TROUBLE
Wake up, its Elul!
Travelling to Arizona sends email to his wife. One letter off.
Its very hot here. I have burns all over my neck and back.
P.s. awaiting your arrival here tomorrow.